shift: add page (#5415)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/shift.md

# shift

> > A bash built-in command that shifts the (numbered) arguments of a function or script by a specified number of places.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Bash built-in command that shifts the arguments passed to the calling function or script by a specified number of places.
```

> > More information: <https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/manual/bash.html>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> More information: <https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/manual/bash.html#index-shift>.
```

Maybe add an anchor to the link, so the command can be found more easily.

> > See <https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/manual/bash.html> for more information.

Reviewer: We have a standard syntax for more information links:
```suggestion
> More information: <https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/manual/bash.html>.
```

- Move arguments by one place dropping the first argument:

`shift`

> - Move arguments by {{n}} places dropping the first {{n}} arguments:
> 
> `shift {{n}}`

Reviewer: We don't typically use token syntax inside example descriptions.  I'd do this, in this case:
```suggestion
- Move arguments by N places dropping the first N arguments:

`shift {{N}}`
```

# shift

> A bash built-in command that shifts the (numbered) arguments of a function or script by a specified number of places.
> See <https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/manual/bash.html> for more information.

> - Shift arguments by one place; argument `$1` is dropped, argument `$2` is now `$1`:
> 
> ```bash
> # prints two times the same output
> echo $2
> shift
> echo $1 
> ```

Reviewer: @stku1985 I'd do something like this:
```suggestion
- Move all arguments back by one (dropping the first argument):

`shift`
```

Author: Ok I will do so. I think this reduces the intelligibility of the page, but I also understand that you want to keep consistency between pages.

Reviewer: Why does it decrease the intelligibility @stku1985?

Author: Well I think scripting commands (such as shift, return, continue, for, ...) need some context. For experienced bash users this short example is fine; for people new to bash scripting my original version or even a whole function example would be easier to grasp. 

But don't worry; either way is fine from my point of view.

Reviewer: I agree so much with that—but that's not what tldr-pages was originally invented for.  It's really for documented syntax of a command, not really how to use it in conjunction with other commands.
